TW 517 Cycle 4 edits (#4090)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/running-collections/working-with-data-files.md

## Running collections with data files

You can select a data file to use in a [collection run](/docs/running-collections/intro-to-collection-runs/).

![Collection Runner](https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/collection-runner-for-v8.gif)

1. Select <img alt="Runner icon" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/icon-runner-v9.jpg#icon" width="16px"> __Runner__ from the Postman footer.

> 1. Select your collection and drag it into the **Run Order** workspace.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Select your collection and drag it into the **Run Order** work area.
```
